Update conditionalBeans.adoc to clarify how to depend on a conditional bean (#10760)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/ioc/conditionalBeans.adoc

At times, you may want a bean to load conditionally based on various potential factors including the classpath, the configuration, the presence of other beans, etc.

> The link:{api}/io/micronaut/context/annotation/Requires.html[Requires] annotation provides the ability to define one or many conditions on a bean. If a bean is used somewhere but it's requirements aren't met then `NoSuchBeanException` will be thrown. That's probably not what you want. If you want a bean to conditionally depend on a bean then mark the injection site as `@Nullable` (this is done automatically if you're using Kotlin and declare the bean with a `?`), or alternatively declare it as `Optional<Bean>`. Finally you can inject a container of interfaces, in which case unloaded beans just won't appear in the collection.

Reviewer: `Optional<Bean>` shouldn't really be used although it is supported. Generally `Optional` should only be used for return values. You can use `BeanProvider<Bean>` which provides the same functionality as `Optional`

Author: Done, PTAL

> The link:{api}/io/micronaut/context/annotation/Requires.html[Requires] annotation provides the ability to define one or many conditions on a bean. If a bean is used somewhere but it's requirements aren't met then `NoSuchBeanException` will be thrown. That's probably not what you want. If you want a bean to conditionally depend on a bean then mark the injection site as `@Nullable` (this is done automatically if you're using Kotlin and declare the bean with a `?`), or alternatively declare it as `BeanProvider<Bean>`. Finally you can inject a container of interfaces, in which case unloaded beans just won't appear in the collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The link:{api}/io/micronaut/context/annotation/Requires.html[Requires] annotation provides the ability to define one or many conditions on a bean.

If you declare an injection point, for example, `Bean a`, but no bean of type `Bean` can be instantiated, the framework throws a `NoSuchBeanException`.
The framework cannot inject a bean into an injection point if the bean requirements specified by `@Requires` are not fulfilled.

If you want to declare an injection point as Optional, you have several options:

* Mark the injection point as `@Nullable`. In Kotlin, nullable type names have `?` at the end; you don't need to specify the `@Nullable` annotation.
* Declare it as `BeanProvider<Bean>`. Learn about <<types, Injectable Container Types>>.

You can also inject a collection of beans. For example, you can inject `List<Bean>`. The collection is empty if no bean of type `Bean` fulfills the injection point.

=== @Requires Example
```

Reviewer 2: @mikehearn what do you think about 👆🏻 ?
